What is the closest planet to the sun?,Mercury,Saturn,Earth,Nepton.
What soil does worms prefer?,Wet,Silt,Dry,Rocky.
What is something you have to have in a stable structure?,WOOD,STRONG,Windows,Marshmallows.
What force pulls you down every day?,Gravity,Friction,Pull,Push.
How many planets are there not including pluto?,8,9,10,7.
What is the smallest planet?,Mercury,Jupiter,Earth,Moon.
What is the largest planet?,Jupiter,Earth,Sun,Moon.
what planet is nicknamed red planet?,Mars,Sun,Jupiter,Moon.
what two elements is water made of?,2 hydrogen 1 oxygen,5 hydrogen 3 oxygen,3 hydrogen 5 oxygen,1 hydrogen 2 oxygen.
what is the 1st element of the periodic table?,Hydrogen,Oxygen,Iron,Go.
what is the hottest planet in our solar system?,Mercury,Sun,Mars,Pluto.
what planet is famous for its big red spot?,Jupiter,Mars,Mercury,Sun.
What planet is famous for the beautiful rings that surround it?,Saturn,Mars,Pluto,Jupiter. 
What is the the second biggest planet?,Saturn,Jupiter,Earth,Pluto.
what is the second smallest planet?,Mars,Mercury,Jupiter,Saturn.
what is the closest planet to the earth?,Venus,Saturn,Mercury,Sun.
what is the closest planet to jupiter?,Mars,Venus,Sun,Pluto.
what is the closest planet to mars?,Earth,Pluto,Sun,Uranus.
what is the name of the force holding us to the earth?,Gravity,Push,Pull,Friction. 
WHAT IS THE closest planet to the sun?,Mercury,Saturn,Mars,Venus.
What is not a planet?,Sun,Earth,Jupiter,Mars.
Is the sun a planet?,No,Yes,MAybe,None of the Above.
what is the second hottest planet?,Venus,Mars,Saturn,JUPITER.
Have human ever set foot on mars?,No,YES,Maybe,NONE OF THE ABOVE.
IS THE PLANET  NEPTUNE BIGGER THE EARTH?,Yes,NO,Maybe,None of the Above.
what is the coldest planet?,Neptune,Mar,Saturn,The Moon.
When did the apple iphone first become available?,2007,2003,1030,2009.
what does www stand for?,World Wide Web,What When Wow,Word Wall Words,World War Wow.
what is the farthest planet from the sun?,Pluto,Mercury,Venus,Moon.
what goes in the black bin?,paper,food scraps,plastic,juice boxes.
what planet is the closest to mercury?,venus,mars,sun,moon.
what is the farthest planet from the earth?,neptune,mars,Pluto,moon.
what is the farthest planet from the moon?,Neptune,Mercury,Mars,Pluto.
what does not go in the green bin?,batteries,pizza crust,food scraps,lawn scraps.
WHAT goes in the the blue bin?,juice boxes,paper,apple,batteries.
how long will it about take to get to mars?,300 days,1 year,364 days,200 days.
what is the farthest planet from venus?,uranus,mars,Mercury,saturn.
how long will it take to get to  saturn?,Three years and two months,two years ten days,1 year,2 years.
What is the farthest planet from Uranus?,Mercury,mars,earth,venus.
what is the closest planet to saturn?,jupiter,Mars,Mercury,Venus.
What planet is known as the ice Giant?,Uranus,Mars,Saturn,Mercury. 
What is the darkest planet?,Jupiter,The Moon,Saturn,Mars. 
What is the lightest planet?,Saturn,Mars,Neptune,Venus.
What goes in the green bin?,Pizza crust,Granola bar wrappers,juice boxes,paper. 
What does not go in the  black bin?,Food scraps,Paper,Cardboard,sticky notes.
What does not go in the garbage?,Plastic,Tissues,granola bar wrappers,Snack food bags. 
what does not go in the blue bin?,Food scraps,Yogurt containers,Juice boxes,Plastic.
What planet is blue?,Neptune,jupiter,mars,Venus.
What planet is gray?,Mercury,mars,venus,sun.
What planet is Red?,mars,mercury,saturn,sun.